README.markdown, before:

Headline is a free Tumblr theme that features customizable fonts, colors, background and header imagery, as well as Twitter, TypeKit, Disqus, Streampad, VigLink, and Google Analytics integration. All custom features are managed within the "Appearance" pulldown menu.

The main features include:

1. Customizable Fonts &amp; Colors
2. Customizable Background &amp; Header Images
3. Distinct Index, Permalink, and Page Layouts
4. Featured Tag Navigation
5. Twitter Updates and Hovercards
6. Typekit for Advanced Custom Typography
7. Streampad for Audio Playlists
8. Disqus Comments
9. Monetize via VigLink and Amazon&nbsp;Associates
10. Google Analytics Tracking

### Custom Fonts &amp; Colors ###

The Headline theme provides font selection pulldowns and color pickers for various layout components. Header, Body, and Meta fonts and colors may be set within the Appearance panel.

### Custom Background &amp; Header Images ###

Both the header image and the body background image may be swapped with your own custom images in the Appearance panel. For the header, we suggest using an image with transparency (either .png or .gif). Also, the header image should have a maximum width of 870px.

Background images are horizontally-centered and not-repeated by default. You may enable tiling for background patterns in the Appearance panel.

### Distinct Index, Permalink, and Page Layouts ###

The Headline theme features three distinct layouts for index, permalink, and page content. Index pages, such as the home page, are three-column and contain a paginated index of posts. The left and right sidebars contain additional content which may be toggled on/off in the Appearance panel and includes: Likes, Twitter updates, Following, Contributors (for group blogs), and your blog's description.

Permalink pages expand to highlight the content, and the right sidebar provides contextual info such as author and post tags. Links for sharing the content on Twitter, Facebook, and Digg are also included.
For individual pages, such as this features page, the right sidebar is dropped to provide additional room for content.

### Featured Tag Navigation ###

If you use tags to organize your content, you can create a direct link to a tag index in the main navigation by inserting the tag text into one of the three "Tag Navigation" fields. In this demo, this takes the form of "Updates" and "Tips" posts, but any valid tag may be used. Three of these fields are provided.

### Twitter Integration ###

By enabling Twitter for your blog, you may choose to share your updates in two locations. By enabling "Show Twitter Headline," your latest status update will appear directly below the blog header. To display updates in the sidebar, enable "Show Twitter Sidebar". You may also customize the number of updates shown in the sidebar with the "Twitter Sidebar Count" input. The default number is 3.

If you have a Twitter API key, you may enable hovercards for your updates by inputing it into the "Twitter API Key" text field.

### Advanced Typography via Typekit ###

Typekit is a subscription-based service for linking to high-quality Open Type fonts. If you are a Typekit subscriber, and wish to customize your blog's typography beyond Tumblr's default pull-down options, then simply paste your Typekit Kit ID into it's namesake text field. Please note that once you have properly configured your kit with the appropriate CSS selectors, your typography selections from the Appearance menu will be overridden (for the better, of course).

The Headline demo is set in FF Meta Condensed Web Pro and FF Meta Serif Web Pro.&nbsp;The header image is set in Knockout.

### Streampad Audio Playlist ###

For you music bloggers, Streampad may be enabled by simply clicking a checkbox. Streampad automatically detects and loads all audio content you have posted, and presents it in a simple playlist format at the bottom of the page.

### Disqus Comments ###

Disqus is a comment system and moderation tool. It is much more robust than the default Tumblr notes system, and can be enabled within the Headline theme by providing your "Disqus Shortname". Registration with Disqus is required, at which time you may choose a shortname for your blog, if you do not already possess one.

### VigLink and Amazon Associates Integration ###

VigLink allows you to monetize links on your site, and provides coverage of thousands of merchants across more than 20 affliate networks. Registration is free, and each user is provided with a unique API key. To begin monetizing your site, copy and paste your API key into the "VigLink API Key" text field.

Similarly, by inserting your Amazon Associates ID in the "Amazon Tracking ID" field, the theme will use ID3 tag data (if available) to automatically generate associate links within audio posts.

### Statistics Via Google Analytics ###

If you use Google Analytics to track your blog's performance, you can quickly enable it by entering your full "Google Analytics Web Property ID", including the "UA" and dashes, in the form of: UA-XXXXX-YY.

Commit message:

ADD: clicky analytics to feature set

README.markdown, after:

Headline is a free Tumblr theme that features customizable fonts, colors, background and header imagery, as well as Twitter, TypeKit, Disqus, Streampad, VigLink, and Google Analytics integration. All custom features are managed within the "Appearance" pulldown menu.

The main features include:

1. Customizable Fonts &amp; Colors
2. Customizable Background &amp; Header Images
3. Distinct Index, Permalink, and Page Layouts
4. Featured Tag Navigation
5. Twitter Updates and Hovercards
6. Typekit for Advanced Custom Typography
7. Streampad for Audio Playlists
8. Disqus Comments
9. Monetize via VigLink and Amazon&nbsp;Associates
10. Google and Clicky Analytics Tracking

### Custom Fonts &amp; Colors ###

The Headline theme provides font selection pulldowns and color pickers for various layout components. Header, Body, and Meta fonts and colors may be set within the Appearance panel.

### Custom Background &amp; Header Images ###

Both the header image and the body background image may be swapped with your own custom images in the Appearance panel. For the header, we suggest using an image with transparency (either .png or .gif). Also, the header image should have a maximum width of 870px.

Background images are horizontally-centered and not-repeated by default. You may enable tiling for background patterns in the Appearance panel.

### Distinct Index, Permalink, and Page Layouts ###

The Headline theme features three distinct layouts for index, permalink, and page content. Index pages, such as the home page, are three-column and contain a paginated index of posts. The left and right sidebars contain additional content which may be toggled on/off in the Appearance panel and includes: Likes, Twitter updates, Following, Contributors (for group blogs), and your blog's description.

Permalink pages expand to highlight the content, and the right sidebar provides contextual info such as author and post tags. Links for sharing the content on Twitter, Facebook, and Digg are also included.
For individual pages, such as this features page, the right sidebar is dropped to provide additional room for content.

### Featured Tag Navigation ###

If you use tags to organize your content, you can create a direct link to a tag index in the main navigation by inserting the tag text into one of the three "Tag Navigation" fields. In this demo, this takes the form of "Updates" and "Tips" posts, but any valid tag may be used. Three of these fields are provided.

### Twitter Integration ###

By enabling Twitter for your blog, you may choose to share your updates in two locations. By enabling "Show Twitter Headline," your latest status update will appear directly below the blog header. To display updates in the sidebar, enable "Show Twitter Sidebar". You may also customize the number of updates shown in the sidebar with the "Twitter Sidebar Count" input. The default number is 3.

If you have a Twitter API key, you may enable hovercards for your updates by inputing it into the "Twitter API Key" text field.

### Advanced Typography via Typekit ###

Typekit is a subscription-based service for linking to high-quality Open Type fonts. If you are a Typekit subscriber, and wish to customize your blog's typography beyond Tumblr's default pull-down options, then simply paste your Typekit Kit ID into it's namesake text field. Please note that once you have properly configured your kit with the appropriate CSS selectors, your typography selections from the Appearance menu will be overridden (for the better, of course).

The Headline demo is set in FF Meta Condensed Web Pro and FF Meta Serif Web Pro.&nbsp;The header image is set in Knockout.

### Streampad Audio Playlist ###

For you music bloggers, Streampad may be enabled by simply clicking a checkbox. Streampad automatically detects and loads all audio content you have posted, and presents it in a simple playlist format at the bottom of the page.

### Disqus Comments ###

Disqus is a comment system and moderation tool. It is much more robust than the default Tumblr notes system, and can be enabled within the Headline theme by providing your "Disqus Shortname". Registration with Disqus is required, at which time you may choose a shortname for your blog, if you do not already possess one.

### VigLink and Amazon Associates Integration ###

VigLink allows you to monetize links on your site, and provides coverage of thousands of merchants across more than 20 affliate networks. Registration is free, and each user is provided with a unique API key. To begin monetizing your site, copy and paste your API key into the "VigLink API Key" text field.

Similarly, by inserting your Amazon Associates ID in the "Amazon Tracking ID" field, the theme will use ID3 tag data (if available) to automatically generate associate links within audio posts.

### Statistics Via Google Analytics ###

If you use Google Analytics to track your blog's performance, you can quickly enable it by entering your full "Google Analytics Web Property ID", including the "UA" and dashes, in the form of: UA-XXXXX-YY.

Clicky Analytics  may also be enabled via the Appearance menu by entering your Clicky Site ID. This ID is typically a six-digit number, and is available on your Clicky site preferences page.
